hello you do this is carful 11
here this is the first video I've ever
made so please like it because it's
probably pretty bad anyone um this is a
paper dg2 for not zombies this is my
first attempt at it I've watched several
other videos and that's what basically
inspired me when I first started it's
completely bored I had a couple weeks to
do stuff so I just got out an old Cocoa
Puffs box of cereal and I started making
this wall right here and that eventually
turned into this main section where I
then made the stock started adding some
of the detail and I worked on the Power
Cell I guess that's what I like to call
it I'm not exactly sure what it would be
in real life in the transformer for that
I'm also not sure what it would be and
then I've got the front I'm not sure
what you call that either
I've got the element 1 1 5 I've got the
piece of the Tesla coil which is not
it's amplified as it should be these
rings are usually a lot bigger but then
I've got the vacuum tubes an off switch
which doesn't stay off it doesn't stupid
and then the reload lever I'm not sure
what you call it I can pick this off and
work with it right now I have to
reinforce the stock because it's held in
there with hot glue and two pieces of
paper once you roll to paper the stock
itself is very durable like I can come
over here and show you guys but it's
like when I pick it up
it's nice and strong the front end was a
little bit long I mean if this piece
should have been farther back but I mean
it still works like this so it's okay
and like I said the stock is really
loose and you just broke it it's gonna
be hard to fix it's a vacuum tube I just
fell out
so the back end doesn't have all the
detail yeah I mean this isn't this isn't
completed but it's almost dawn I mean
I've got a few things to add I've got to
finish this right here and then I've got
to add on to the front
I've got to get all the minor details in
so I'm not sure what this is either but
I was just drawn with Sharpie the stock
is not accurate it's not like the one in
the game it doesn't I've never added a
trigger because I don't want to because
after I complete all of this and then I
like turning around I'm all excited
shoot and then nothing happens when I
pull the trigger it makes me feel bad so
I don't feel like pointing up triggering
but it's pretty accurate the scale I've
got everything in place I've got some
real wires I don't of course
clearly I have not just use paper I've
used some lacrosse tape and some hockey
tape which is right now stick resting on
if you have things like this
switch things or the valve and then tops
of the vacuum tubes just some pieces in
there you turn your stock it just looks
cool and then use some real wires some
10 gauge Novato lawyer she probably
didn't need to know and the front was
made of clothes hangers and then I just
wrapped them around with yarn so they
look tan and they are a lot bigger and
this is an old golf club shaft and I'm
about to run out of time of the video so
thanks for watching
you